[FEATURE] Install TYPO3 v12.0 (#246)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Tutorial-GettingStarted: Documentation/Installation/Install.rst

At the root level of your web server, execute the following command:

..  note::
    The script here installs the latest TYPO3 v12.0. If you are looking for installation

>     instructions on the latest stable release, TYPO3 v11 LTS go to the :ref:`TYPO3 v11

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    instructions on the recent long-term release, TYPO3 v11 LTS go to the :ref:`TYPO3 v11
```

To make it clear what is meant. v12.0 is also "stable" in some kind but a sprint release.

Also would like "recent" or "current" instead of "latest".
